instances.md, before:

|URL|Network|Version|Location|Behind Cloudflare?|Comment|
|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|https://safereddit.com|WWW|v0.36.0|🇺🇸 US||SFW only|
|https://eu.safereddit.com|WWW|v0.36.0|🇩🇪 DE||SFW only|
|https://redlib.catsarch.com|WWW|v0.36.0|🇺🇸 US|||
|https://redlib.perennialte.ch|WWW|v0.36.0|🇦🇺 AU|✅||
|https://rl.bloat.cat|WWW|v0.36.0|🇷🇴 RO|||
|https://redlib.r4fo.com|WWW|v0.36.0|🇩🇪 DE|✅||
|https://red.ngn.tf|WWW|v0.36.0|🇹🇷 TR|||
|https://red.artemislena.eu|WWW|v0.36.0|🇩🇪 DE||Be crime do gay|
|https://redlib.privacyredirect.com|WWW|v0.36.0|🇫🇮 FI|||
|https://reddit.nerdvpn.de|WWW|v0.36.0|🇺🇦 UA||SFW only|
|https://redlib.4o1x5.dev|WWW|v0.35.1|🇭🇺 HU|||
|https://reddit.adminforge.de|WWW|v0.36.0|🇫🇦 false|||
|https://rl.blitzw.in|WWW|v0.36.0|🇩🇪 DE||hosted by a Neurospicy-flavored TFA Blitzwing fanatic at blitzw.in|
|https://reddit.rtrace.io|WWW|v0.36.0|🇦🇹 AT||Caution: +10% increased chance to contract Ligma|
|https://redlib.privadency.com|WWW|v0.36.0|🇩🇪 DE|||
|https://redlib.minihoot.site|WWW|v0.36.0|🇦🇺 AU|✅|i love you (this instance is protected by anubis)|
|http://red.lpoaj7z2zkajuhgnlltpeqh3zyq7wk2iyeggqaduhgxhyajtdt2j7wad.onion|Tor|v0.35.1|🇩🇪 DE||Onion of red.artemislena.eu|

Commit message:

new i2p instance and update instances

instances.md, after:

|URL|Network|Version|Location|Behind Cloudflare?|Comment|
|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|https://safereddit.com|WWW|v0.36.0|🇺🇸 US||SFW only|
|https://eu.safereddit.com|WWW|v0.36.0|🇩🇪 DE||SFW only|
|https://redlib.catsarch.com|WWW|v0.36.0|🇺🇸 US|||
|https://redlib.freedit.eu|WWW|v0.36.0|🇺🇸 US|||
|https://redlib.tux.pizza|WWW|v0.36.0|🇺🇸 US|||
|https://red.artemislena.eu|WWW|v0.36.0|🇩🇪 DE||Be crime do gay|
|https://redlib.privacyredirect.com|WWW|v0.36.0|🇫🇮 FI|||
|https://reddit.nerdvpn.de|WWW|v0.36.0|🇺🇦 UA||SFW only|
|https://redlib.4o1x5.dev|WWW|v0.35.1|🇭🇺 HU|||
|https://redlib.thebunny.zone|WWW|v0.36.0|🇭🇷 HR||🩷|
|https://rl.blitzw.in|WWW|v0.36.0|🇩🇪 DE||hosted by a Neurospicy-flavored TFA Blitzwing fanatic at blitzw.in|
|https://lr.ptr.moe|WWW|v0.36.0|🇩🇪 DE|✅||
|https://redlib.privadency.com|WWW|v0.36.0|🇩🇪 DE|||
|https://redlib.minihoot.site|WWW|v0.36.0|🇦🇺 AU|✅|i love you (this instance is protected by anubis)|
|http://redlib.bunny5exbgbp4sqe2h2rfq2brgrx3dhohdweonepzwfgumfyygb35wyd.onion|Tor|v0.36.0|🇭🇷 HR||Onion of redlib.thebunny.zone|
|http://redlib.r4focoma7gu2zdwwcjjad47ysxt634lg73sxmdbkdozanwqslho5ohyd.onion|Tor|v0.36.0|🇩🇪 DE|✅||
|http://redlib.catsarchywsyuss6jdxlypsw5dc7owd5u5tr6bujxb7o6xw2hipqehyd.onion|Tor|v0.36.0|🇺🇸 US||Onion of redlib.catsarch.com|
|http://nerdvpneqj4gdisofqvfgrcmk2tieg7le5iybapx2zqyvnk5h2s3uaid.onion|Tor|v0.36.0|🇺🇦 UA||Onion of reddit.nerdvpn.de|
|http://yfpe4v2meqe5vusmbf7n7a4ncnstzmpiy4czolcisz4h3t7kgxna.b32.i2p|I2P|v0.36.0|🇺🇸 US||I2P of redlib.catsarch.com|
|http://4dy6x4f3xhrsvtqbrp3l4acmmvxtcry4pliez7crndtquj3l7u4q.b32.i2p|I2P|v0.36.0|🇺🇸 US||i2p instance build from main branch|
